(Episode 10)
You also heard it, didn't you?
She's just using you.
You haven't experienced enough.
That's how the world is like.
People don't approach people like us...
without an ulterior motive.
You shouldn't have trusted people just because they were nice to you.
What do you mean by people like us?
People with a lot of fortunes and privileges.
People who can do almost everything they wish.
Our family...
started as a merchant.
Father.
This is the limit of the people you've sacrificed...
your whole life.
Check for yourself.
(Disciplinary Result)
(We have decided to dismiss Baek Seung Gi for bribery.)
(Committee members' signature)
They have no courtesy for people...
and they are snobs.
(Gangsu Group Related Data)
(Files related to Gangsu Group's corruption)
(Borrowed-name bank accounts)
(Transactions, related papers, list, investments, fund flow statement)
(Gangsu Group's Borrowed-name Bank Accounts Transactions)
(Status of Overseas Real Estate)
(National Tax Service Lobby List)
(Workbook 1)
Father, you can't even imagine...
what I've done...
to stay loyal to these people.
Don't ignore what Mr. Byun said...
about June's father.
Why are you also saying that?
I don't care what Woo Sung says.
It's relevant if he thinks it's a problem.
He thinks that June has a grudge against the company.
That's why he's uncomfortable seeing June next to you.
The fact that I like June has nothing to do with him.
You have no idea how scary your brother is.
He does everything it takes to realize his goals.
What do you mean?
Your brother released...
your air rage video.
This is a warning.
He won't let you act up again.
So, Woo Sung...
wants to get rid of me.
Right, Je Hoon?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Do you think it was easy for me to tell you this?
It must have been difficult...
for you to keep this to yourself.
It was a nice meal.
It was.
June.
I'm tired.
I'll go inside first.
All right. Go rest.
(My daughter)
Hello?
June, what's going on? You never call me first.
Hello? June?
Yes, Mom.
How are you?
I'm always doing fine.
Is everything all right with you?
It's fine.
I'll visit you in a few days. I made lettuce kimchi that you like.
Gosh, Mom.
It was Dad who liked lettuce kimchi.
Really?
Mom.
What was Dad like?
Why? Is something wrong?
No, just asking.
Why? What's wrong, June?
Did Dad...
really get fired...
from Gangsu Group...
because he was bribed?
What are you talking about?
Who told you that? Where did you hear that?
Gosh.
I'm so upset, Mom.
Poor girl.
According to Mr. Kwon,
the rooftop is an awful place to live in.
She cleans to make her living.
Of course she lives in an awful place.
But still, she's the person who has brought Hyuk to his senses.
Are you just going to leave her to be a cleaner?
What are you saying?
She should be brought to a certain level so that people won't gossip.
She stormed into my room to say everything she wanted to say.
I guess she's no ordinary person.
And she helped Hyuk act like a human being.
She must have a lot to offer too.
Yes, Father.
She does.
Do you know Baek Seung Gi?
Baek Seung Gi?
Who's that?
He was the planning team's manager who created Gangsu gochujang.
Mom told me to find out about her, so I did some digging.
I found out that Baek June...
is Baek Seung Gi's daughter.
Really? She's the daughter of the manager...
that created our gochujang?
Gosh, that's great news.
We don't even need to look any further.
It's a great idea to have someone like that as a daughter-in-law.
Don't you think so too?
That scum. Why did he have to meet a woman like that?
- What? - It's not going to happen.
Pyeongang or not, we're never going to speak of her again.
- Do you understand? - Oh, my.
Gosh, what's wrong with him?
If he created our gochujang, he contributed a lot to the company.
When the company was having a hard time,
it was the gochujang that saved us all.
Anyhow, the fortuneteller told me they were destined to be.
He was right.
Gosh, Mother. Stop visiting the fortuneteller.
Baek June won't save Hyuk. She'll only eat him up.
Eat him up?
What do you mean?
I'm taking off today. I'm in a deep sleep.
Don't knock on the door. Don't wake me up.
Does Hyuk know that she's Baek Seung Gi's daughter?
He didn't at first.
Gosh, that jerk.
There are so many other women.
How could he stay close with the betrayer's daughter?
Is there anything...
that I need to know?
If there is, please tell me.
There's nothing more to know.
You should talk to him.
Make him break up with her.
Tell him that if he ignores my words again, I won't...
spare his life.
Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
June's mom?
Mr. Kim, take care of this.
Yes, just keep doing it.
What?
- About what I told you... - Yes.
- Yes. - I have something to ask you...
Let's just say I understand...
what happened to June's father. He was a lacking person.
But why would you hurt June too?
I know...
what you did to my husband.
How dare you speak of bribery in front of my daughter?
If you talk about bribery...
and hurt June again,
I will...
no longer stay still, Mr. Seol.
If you don't want to...
bring up the Gangsu Chicken incident and cause trouble,
don't make my daughter suffer anymore.
Shouldn't we...
redress what happened then?
Do you think...
you have the right to say such a thing?
Take this...
and stop making objections regarding the oil issue, okay?
The chairman...
has his eyes on you.
So you'd better watch out.
Goodness.
(Yetteo Chicken)
We delivered the message.
What are you doing?
Cleaning.
Cleaning?
I was cleaning...
and Hyuk asked me...
if there was anything he could help.
I said it was okay,
but then my knees hurt, so we were taking a rest for a second.
(Executive Director's Office)
Hey.
Why did June's mom come out from Mr. Seol's office?
I'll tell you later.
Hey.
The chairman called me in this morning.
He wants you to end things with June.
I think your brother reported him about June's dad.
I told you...
not to ignore your brother's warning.
(I'm having a deep sleep at the moment. Don't knock the door.)
I came to make some side dishes for you.
Open the door.
Your dad isn't that kind of a person.
Bribery?
That doesn't make sense at all.
If he had been the type to care only about his interest,
he wouldn't have died like that.
So June, trust your dad.
He is not...
that kind of a person.
(I'm having a deep sleep at the moment. Don't knock the door.)
I'll leave these in front of the door.
Put them in the fridge before they go bad.
I'll come back again...
when you feel like talking.
Mom.
I know.
I know what you're thinking, but it's not true.
There's no one as good as your dad.
I guarantee.
What's up?
You really have guts for this.
For how many years have you been doing this every day?
About 11 years.
11 years.
So it's since that incident.
What's your point?
June is the person I like.
I won't stay still...
if you threaten her with such a dirty trick one more time.
What?
And stop ratting on stuff to Dad.
Don't you think you're too old for that?
Why this punk...
Don't do it ever again.
Bye.
Why are you here again?
I thought about it, and what you told me doesn't make sense.
Are you hiding something from me?
No, I'm not.
About my dad receiving bribes.
If that's all you can tell me, what are the things you can't tell?
There isn't anything like that.
Yes, there is. There's something.
Please tell me the truth, Mr. Jang.
- Gosh, seriously. - Mr. Jang!
Mr. Jang.
Mr. Jang, please tell me. Mr. Jang!
I'm sorry. You'd better go.
I know you're distressed too.
That's why you should tell me.
I'll wait right here until you tell me the truth.
Mr. Jang. Mr. Jang!
What are you doing now? Do you know what time it is?
I'm sorry. It's not that I didn't come to work.
I came to work, but something urgent came up, so...
You're an intern, and you are not doing what you have to do.
You're always away from your desk.
- You get smart with me... - Excuse me.
It's an important call. Wait a minute.
Yes, Mr. Jang.
Gosh, the world has become much easier to live in.
You can answer the phone while your boss is talking. It's gotten better.
What? June?
Yes, I get it. I'll be there soon.
Where are you going?
Mr. Jang called me urgently. I have to go.
I'll be right back. Thank you.
Well, it's...
The third-generation guy works at this company so freely.
It's just like the tail wagging the dog, isn't it?
I called you because I think she may faint.
Come and take her now, please.
- I'll go. - No, I'll go.
June...
doesn't know that you're aware of this situation yet.
If you step forward here and interfere in this situation,
how would she feel?
Well...
Wouldn't she like that?
That's why I'm going. You'd better stay here.
What are you doing here?
You don't need to know.
Even if you do this,
no one would tell you the truth.
Who knows?
Someone might tell me if I hold out.
To tell the truth to one person,
many people may have to suffer.
Haven't you thought about it?
The reason he can't tell the truth...
is not because he's bad, but because he's weak.
So?
Even though they hide the truth...
and make a scapegoat of someone, do I have to endure it?
Even when that scapegoat is my dad, do I have to look the other way?
Can you do that?
Can you still do that if it's your dad?
Dad.
So get your armor and fight.
You can't defeat anyone in this condition.
If you live recklessly like this,
you'll get nothing after all.
The truth.
I'll get the truth.
And that will make me strong.
Do as you wish.
This is buy 1 get 1.
Would you like to have this?
What's this?
I bought one and got one for free.
Excuse me.
I think there's a misunderstanding.
I don't like drinking to the point where I need to drink this.
About the other day...
Yes, I made a mistake that day.
Still,
you don't have to treat me like I'm a heavy drinker.
I'm not treating you like that.
I got one for free, that's why.
Goodness.
I refuse your free item.
Do you understand?
As you like.
Gosh, I can't believe this. What is that guy?
What's happening?
Gosh, seriously.
Excuse me...
What shall I do?
Gosh, really.
Hello, Je Hoon.
Lean on me.
What?
Okay.
Stay still for a moment.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yes.
- Do you... - Yes, I have time.
No, do you know how I can contact June's mother?
What?
What is this?
What we heard in front of Mr. Seol's room kept bothering me.
I mean the story about June's father accepting bribes.
So I did some research...
on the subcontract factories at that time.
Everyone only had good things to say about Baek Seung Gi.
There was something strange.
Whenever we asked them about the bribes, they wouldn't say anything.
They wouldn't say anything?
They wouldn't say a word about whether he accepted bribes or not.
What does that mean?
Don't you understand?
It means that they're being pressured by someone.
If June's father really accepted bribes,
they would have insulted him.
They wouldn't stay quiet.
There's something.
There's something major behind this.
[VIU Ver] E10 Revolutionary Love
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why is he still here so late?
He must be sorry.
Bring me some coffee.
What?
It doesn't seem like he did it on purpose, but why is it so annoying?
Mr. Jang.
Stop it and just go home.
It's cold outside.
Mr. Jang.
I'll be here again tomorrow.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Mom.
Why are you here again?
Is something wrong?
Are you crazy?
Why would you go to the Saeman factory?
You told me to trust Dad.
You said he was innocent.
I need to know the truth.
I want to know what really happened...
when Dad left the company.
It's enough...
as long as we believe him.
It could be enough for you, but it isn't for me.
Your father already passed away, and it's all over.
What use is there to find out what really happened now?
Mom.
Do you know how I've been living until now?
Do you know how I've endured my life filled with part-time jobs?
I'm lost.
If I don't find out what happened,
I won't be able to go forward.
Are you saying...
that I should also see you getting hurt?
I'm just trying to prove Dad's innocence.
Why would I get hurt?
Don't you know...
how much trouble Gangsu Group caused even after him leaving the company?
I know.
That's why I can't stay still like this.
Don't be afraid.
I have nothing to lose.
Please.
June,
let's just not get our lives mingled up with Gangsu Group.
Find a proper job now.
Stop doing part-time jobs.
I'll do that.
I'll do that...
after I make things right for Dad.
Mom.
Don't make me stop...
until then.
Was it you?
Did you call my mom?
Yes.
- Why? - To stop your stupid behavior.
Why do you care whatever I do?
What about you?
Why did you do that?
Whether I cleaned after Hyuk's mess or not,
why did it matter to you...
that you kept on nagging about all the little things? Why?
That's because...
you were so pathetic.
That's why I'm doing this too.
I think what you're doing is pathetic.
Let's say that you find out the truth.
What will you do against Gangsu Group then?
Do you think...
that Hyuk will take your side and handle things for you?
Why would you mention Hyuk?
Don't expect anything.
Hyuk is...
just another member of Gangsu Group.
I know that.
Only you'll get hurt and left alone.
How do you know...
so well?
Your father wasn't...
the only person who was involved in something like this.
June.
Please stop.
They called...
our company.
Really?
I can't believe that.
Here's your food.
- Here. - Thank you.
This could be...
your last chance.
Your last chance to stop feeling guilty.
I think you would have been feeling guilty...
for all these years.
Am I wrong?
Why are you doing this to me?
If I open my mouth,
Mr. Seol, you'll also be in trouble. Don't you know that?
I also want...
to join you.
What do you mean?
Will you be able to protect me this time?
No.
I can't protect you.
In the end,
everyone should pay the price for their own sins.
I prepared this,
but it's your choice to make.
I already...
made a choice.
Thanks.
Can you tell me...
what really happened to Baek Seung Gi?
What does this have to do with Gangsu Chicken?
What is the price we have to pay for?
And why is Mr. Jang...
in such agony?
I need to know.
Please tell me.
You might lose one of the two.
After I tell you this, you may lose...
either your father or June forever.
Are you okay with that?
Hyuk.
You're late.
Internship must be hard.
You look pale.
Are you all right?
You said you were going to rest today.
Did you rest well?
Of course.
I rested well.
June,
am I still...
a friend to you?
Of course.
You and I are friends.
It ends there.
It's just a friendship.
That's it.
Then can I...
hug you as a friend?
What?
Hey.
What's the matter?
Did something happen to you today?
Yes.
What is it? What happened?
It's nothing. It's just...
I found out today...
why she kept...
drawing a line.
Don't take this the wrong way.
This is...
a hug as a friend.
And...
this is...
a pat as a friend.
Mr. Kwon,
I think we should leave today.
Yes, ma'am.
June.
Do you really need to do this?
If I don't do this for Dad,
I won't be able to do anything.
I'm leaving.
- Hello. - Hello. You're early.
Hello, Mr. Jang.
I'll wait here...
until you tell me everything.
I'll wait here.
Don't give up.
Don't give up, Baek June.
Hyuk.
I have something to talk to you concerning June's dad.
Not you too.
I don't have anything to tell you. Take her and leave.
If you're hiding this because of Gangsu Group,
you can trust me and be honest.
I'll make sure you don't get disadvantages.
Being the chairman's son doesn't mean you can do anything.
The world is not as simple as you think.
Do you think I'm joking around?
Don't act up for her.
It's not going to do any good for you.
Her dad's problem is...
also my problem.
It's not only about her dad. It's about your dad too.
That's why I can't tell you.
If that's the case, I really need to know.
I told you I can't.
Mr. Jang,
you know how I helped you...
with your cupbap.
I went against my father...
to make it work.
I don't think like my father.
If something has been wronged,
I think that now is still not late to make it right.
Please give me a chance to do that, Mr. Jang.
Maybe, this could be the last chance...
to get rid of your guilt.
Baek Seung Gi was kicked out.
He wanted to get rid of the custom...
of receiving bribes from subcontractors.
So he brought up...
the issue to the company...
and people started discussing about it...
when the superiors stopped him.
The superiors?
If this issue were to be brought up,
many would've gotten hurt.
Rather than reconstructing the company just to break an old custom,
they decided that it'd be easier...
to get rid of him.
So?
They say that a cornered stone meets the mason's chisel.
One day,
the chairman ordered me directly...
to testify falsely...
that I bribed Baek Seung Gi...
regularly.
He said if I didn't,
he would cancel the contract with my factory.
That's how...
I betrayed Baek Seung Gi.
So that I could live.
He never received bribes.
Rather,
whenever our contract was in danger of being cancelled...
he would argue with his superiors saying that...
he couldn't betray a partner he'd been working for a long time.
I...
I did that to save myself.
I'm sorry.
I'm truly sorry.
I...
I feel ashamed to see you.
(Manager Baek Seung Gi)
He took all the blame...
and left the company.
He was falsely charged of bribery with dishonor.
Who was behind all this?
Was it my dad?
Are you done talking with him?
Yes.
Did you hear...
everything you wanted to hear?
Yes.
How did you know?
I mean...
Since when did you know about my dad?
The same day as you.
Did you hear it from your brother?
Yes.
Then...
You must've heard that I was using you.
Yes.
Why did you do nothing about it?
What if it's true?
I know you're not.
Even if...
you really are using me,
I can't help it.
This all...
happened because of my dad.
My friend.
Can I hug you...
as a friend for just once?
Thank you.
I was able to hear that my dad was falsely accused...
thanks to you.
June, do you know?
This is only the beginning.
- Hi. - Are you out of your mind?
Why are you in this together when you're supposed to stop her?
Why should I stop her?
I helped her hear what she wanted to hear.
Is it that wrong?
Don't you see what's going on?
Your brother's taken measures at the mention of June's dad's name.
Now, the chairman wants you to end things with June.
That's why I don't understand it all the more.
Don't you think they're hiding something behind?
What will you do if they are?
- I'll reveal it. - You should cover it.
Je Hoon.
What's your dream?
Why are you asking about my dream all of a sudden?
Then let me ask you again.
What do you want to do in this company?
Do you like this company?
Are you happy working at Gangsu Group?
No one feels happy working at a company.
Can't you be?
Tell me.
For you to be happy,
how should this company change?
Why? Will you sing and dance again to bring a change?
The cleaners' employment and the subcontractor issue...
didn't get settled because of you.
Don't be mistaken.
To be exact, they got settled because you're the chairman's son.
Tell me about it.
That's why I'm wondering...
if there's anything more to change while I'm still the chairman's son.
- What? - I can prove that my dad's wrong...
if things get better by changing.
What are you thinking?
Don't you want to see...
my dad admitting his fault for once?
I'm dying to see.
What happened to our promotional partner?
- Check here. - I called them and they're not...
No, we need to get this done quickly.
Come here, Hyun Joo. Hurry.
Because we're afraid of the upper management.
If we don't make good outcomes, we can't get promoted.
Then...
we'll get kicked out of the company in a split second.
You don't share what you have when you do business.
The weak are the prey of the strong. Don't you get it, you punk?
If you don't eat, you get eaten. That's the way it is.
No matter how much loyal you are to a company,
you get thrown away like consumable goods in a second.
It's the destiny of salarymen.
What do you...
plan to do now?
(Resume)
Is the information right? My contact number...
It's fine as long as I wrote my contact number right.
By the way, what are you going to use these for?
You're not going to use them for something weird, are you?
I have a bad feeling about this.
Please don't.
I'll use them for a good purpose.
You heard from Je Hoon, right?
- Yes, Dad. - So?
Did you end things with June?
Before that, I'm curious about something.
Why did you frame an innocent man and kick him out of the company?
Who said...
that Baek Seung Gi didn't do anything wrong?
What did he do wrong?
He pointed a sword at the company management...
with a naive sense of ambition.
You don't run a company with a sense of justice.
A company must make profits.
It needs people in order to make profits.
I couldn't shake the entire company for the sake of Baek Seung Gi.
In the end,
you chose money over a person.
Sometimes, you need a small sacrifice...
for the greater good.
For who?
For every member in the company.
Not for you, Dad?
The company is me.
Okay.
Father, do you remember the reward last time?
Reward?
You didn't forget about it, did you?
You mentioned it after receiving the presidential award.
I didn't forget about it. What do you want me to do?
Do you need a house? Should I buy you a car?
These are the hidden contributors behind the award.
Please employ these people to the planning team.
- Is that it? - Yes, that's it.
(Lee Tae Kyung's Resume)
(An Mi Yeon's Resume)
(Kim Ki Seob's Resume)
I trust you to employ them. I'm leaving.
Why won't you answer me?
Did you end the relationship with that girl?
June and I are just friends.
She's my friend.
Don't worry.
I think Hyuk's crossing the line because he's in love with that girl.
What do you mean?
We have to get rid of her from the company...
before Hyuk causes trouble again.
(Kim Ki Seob's Resume)
Here's a cup of delicious americano.
Thank you.
June, you're even good at making coffee. It's better than any cafe.
You're off duty today. Didn't you go anywhere?
I want to ask you something about Kwon Je Hoon.
What about him?
Does he have a girlfriend?
I'm not sure.
I think he doesn't have one.
Why?
Actually, last night...
I was struggling because my heel got stuck in a manhole cover.
He suddenly appeared...
and took it out with his hands.
Je Hoon did that?
I can't believe that.
He's not nice to women.
Right?
I didn't think he was nice.
That's why I felt...
strange.
Last time, he suddenly gave me some porridge.
Porridge?
He gave it to you?
Do you think...
he likes me?
What do you think?
You should know since you've known him for a long time.
What about you?
Aren't your feelings more important?
What?
I guess...
How could you ask such a thing so directly? I'm embarrassed.
Actually...
Je Hoon.
Was...
Hyuk up here?
He wasn't here.
Where did he go? He won't even pick up the phone.
What should I do?
Did he hear everything?
He's slow, so he wouldn't have heard anything.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
Do you want this?
What?
Je Hoon, are you home?
No matter how tired you are, you should change before you sleep.
You'll catch a cold.
Don't talk to me.
Okay.
(Related Data of G Chicken)
Hyuk,
how serious are you?
What do you mean?
What you told me earlier.
Why? Are you curious?
Look forward to tomorrow morning. You're going to be really surprised.
I am Kim Ki Seob, and I'll be working here in the planning team.
I'll work hard.
Bravo.
Did you make Hyuk do it?
Do what?
Is there something wrong?
Don't you know?
Did Hyuk plan that all by himself?
What did he do?
I don't understand.
The planning team is in an uproar.
Why?
June.
Mr. Kim?
Hyuk brought him to the planning team.
He says he wants to change the company.
Don't you know what he's thinking?
I don't know.
He probably doesn't know what he's doing right now.
I, Byun Hyuk,
will revolutionize everything like my name.
I'm getting...
one step closer to you, June.